His body was covered with iced lime. But the bandage covering his head was not made of that same material. "Does he look like a pirate?" I asked. "Not exactly," said Bellows. "Look, tell him." "We're not supposed to talk to intelligent beings," I said. "Besides, we've all been through acid together. How can we go around talking to someone who needs to be asked a few questions?" "I know," said B
His body was covered with icing and a thin layer of chocolate. The doctor gave him a few good rounds of nausea medicine, he had to be taken to the hospital and it took a while for the doctor to find out it was due to his allergies, the child shouldn’t have been allowed to eat this. When the family went to the hospital, they were told that their boy was in intensive care, he was lucky that the doctor was able to get his vitals on-time so he was in a
His body was covered with icing, with a slice of fruit on top of his head. “Sometimes I think about how I must look to the world,” the letter said. “How every time I open my mouth I look like I’m chewing glass. I’m always very careful not to make a sound when I talk. Or to speak too loudly. I don’t want people to think I’m crazy. They don’t have to think I’m mad.” Moments later, the
His body was covered with icing, and Cunningham's face was puffy and bruised. If it wasn't for her clothes, she just might have passed it off as a frostbite. "Are you going to take her to the hospital?" he asked his sister. "I don't think so. She's not that upset. I'm going to give her some painkillers and hope she feels better when she wakes up." "She was hurt real bad." "
His body was covered with icing and chocolate sauce. When he looked at the icing, the Doctor realized how tributes to him were going to be. "Is this what I am?" The Doctor sighed and watched him eat over and over. "Unbelievable." "I am amazed when you say so." "That is because your mind is so much bigger than yours." "Do you think so?" "Yes." "We have to travel to the past to see what
His body was covered with icing. "Jesus, what happened? Are you okay?" "I'm okay." "Better than okay." He kissed the top of her head. "I'm sorry, I should have been there to help you." She smiled. "I can do this by myself." "I'm sorry. I guess I should've come sooner." "No, you shouldn't have to." The interior of the house was cold and dark
His body was covered with iced cake and chocolate, and it was the secret that he wanted to keep. When he went to the bathroom to wash, he found a message and a copy of the photo of him and Claudia. He was the person who gave her pain. He was the one who was willing to give up his life. He was the one who had been waiting for her to be released for so long. He was the one who had been waiting for her to give him her whole
His body was covered with icing and the ice cream had created a very thin, dull layer on top of the fat. I was shocked when I looked at the ice cream. It was in severe need of a wash. I dumped it in to the tub and ran hot water over it. The smell of the ice cream made me gag, so I quickly turned the water off and washed the ice cream down the drain. I looked in the fridge. There was a lot of leftover ice cream that needed to be put
His body was covered with icing, and had been spiced to taste. Royal rum was placed in a wine glass, and brought to the table. Glasses were filled, and the waiter stepped back. "I hope you enjoy your pudding." “The best of all puddings,” he said as he took a sip. “The best,” she smiled, and gave him a kiss before taking a bite of the pudding. “The best.” she smiled. She took a sip of the champagne. “
His body was covered with icky green slime that Toni was afraid to touch. The animated monster — his head glistening with slime — was an ugly gray color with brown teeth, eyes and gums. He growled and lunged at her, grabbing her arm. Her skin was exposed and Toni felt the tiny hairs at the nape of her neck stand on end. She screamed and jerked her arm away. “Stop it, you dirty thing! I don’t want to see you anymore!”
His body was covered with icing, denying any chance of forensic examination. Initial attempts to resuscitate him failed, so the family took him to an ambulance, but he died en route. The man’s father said: “Please, please help. He was a lovely boy. “He had a big heart. Every weekend he was with me and my wife, and was just like the son we never had. “We just need answers. Why have they done this? What could have happened
His body was covered with iced-up blood, but one of his eyes, clearly a blue, was intact and still working. The rest of his face had been crushed and wriggled around his neck, revealing the broken, rotting bones of his throat. The Sheriff bent down to the left-side of the body, ignoring the burning in his stomach. He was met with the sight of a long, bloody gash on a knife embedded in the man’s chest, and a small, rust-colored
His body was covered with icky, oily black flakes and he was gaunt and pale with greasy hair sticking out at weird angles. Still, he was obviously filled with steaming energy as he held her shoulders and stared deep into her eyes. “I remember,” he said, and his voice was husky with lust. “I’m so proud of you. You’re getting really good at keeping secrets.” She arched her eyebrows and said, “I didn’t need a stupid note to tell me
His body was covered with icing, but he stood up as the car sped to a stop. Pinned under the wheelchair, he lifted his head to see who had stopped to help him as the car finally stopped in front of the house. "Whoa, the fuck?" "Yes, darlin'." "Uh, good." Ryan let him go, as the last of the car's momentum pulled the wheelchair to a halt. "Sorry about that." "No problem. I'd
His body was covered with icing. No, it was a body. It was a body. Hickok said it with a smile that made her shudder. "What the hell is he doing here?" "He said he had to see you, Bobby. And then he left." "I don't like it." "You're right, but I can't say I'm surprised." He looked at her then, and something about the way he looked at
His body was covered with icing and the frothing looked like industrial icing. Cubed and stacked on a wooden tray, the icing was at least three grades above the best I’d ever seen. “That’s an icing that would befit a three-star hotel, at the very least. How much did that cost?” “Two thousand, two hundred and fifty dollars,” I said. I’m not sure if I was more disappointed or surprised. I’d thought I had
His body was covered with iced-up blood. While the sake was sipped and the honey was sucked, it seemed like it was in vogue for that time, but he just wanted to hide in a corner in the dark. The woman in the white kimono was still wearing that white kimono in which she had changed into. A woman, who was also wearing that white kimono, was standing in front of the mirror to the right of the bar. The way that she was holding her
His body was covered with icing, and I readied my hand for a lethal shot. Instead, I saw it hit the ground at his feet, and two tiny, sparkling stars formed in the icing. They coalesced into a full moon, shimmering silver in the moonlight, and flew up into the sky. I was about to think that I had lost my mind when I saw him rise from the frozen river, his chest heaving as he breathed, his hair frozen into long, thin ic
His body was covered with icing sugar and flowers. It was December 2nd, the same day Princess Diana died. It was an accident, he had tried to watch the royal wedding. His father, a policeman, had been looking for him ever since. He was hungry.He could hear him rummaging through the trash. He recognized the sound of the fork scraping through the icing sugar. He was trapped. The next day it snowed. He saw the police car pull
His body was covered with icing and her mother stopped, pointing to blood on the knife. She had a second and third place blade in a sheath on her belt. They were both uncooked meat. “What is this?” Her mother’s eyes were dark and wide. “It’s a knife,” Ivy said. “A very sharp one, and now very pointy.” She grinned. “I made it myself.” “Stop playing,” her mother said, her voice low and cruel.
His body was covered with icing sugar, icing being a delicate sugar syrup which had been applied over his entire body. The icing was in every shade of red that could be imagined, but the most saturated was blood. Many of the icing strands were broken off and stuck to a mirror, and there were glass shards of broken glass scattered about as well. His head was in the midst of icing. A pile of icing had formed around his head, and the icing had mixed
His body was covered with icing. let me see her ribs were showing through. he was icing her. he was icing her little icing her. he iced her. she iced him. she iced him. she iced him. let me iced her. iced her. iced her. iced her. iced her. iced her. iced her. she iced him. she iced him. she iced her. he iced her. he iced
His body was covered with icing. It was very sticky. It was all over him. “What’s all over him?” the officer asked. “Nothing,” Frenzy told him. “He’s dead.” “Oh!” the officer said. “I didn’t know he was hanging around the pool the night he was killed,” he explained. “I didn’t know anything about it.” “He’s dead, you fool
His body was covered with icing. His hands were clamped  close over his mouth, and he sat stiff and uncomfortable, not  dignified like a man who had just escaped the jaws of death. He  looked at me. He reminded me of something. I gazed at him a  moment, then said:  "Did you hear _me_ say, as I came in, 'She's a woman?'"  "Yes", he whispered,
His body was covered with umber or brown ash, bleached yellow hair. He looked like a ghost. What was left of his face, was a twisted, grinning mask. His lips looked like they had been burned off, creating a hole into his face. Gray smoke drifted out from it. His eyes, were two black orbs in his face. He was tall, and thin, but he still looked massive. He stood there, staring at us, not moving. He
His body was covered with icing frosting. Bianca's mouth watered at the sight.   # A caged bird waited.    She wondered why, and hoped that one of her mother's birds was in there, too.  The caged bird was a black-and-white macaw, a few months old.  To create the body with which it had been done, the bird was stuffed with old sweaters and rags.
His body was covered with ire. A few days ago, he was going to meet with the woman who was meant to be his wife. But now, it was like he was expected to meet her again. His heart was racing and his palms were sweating. But that wasn’t all that he was feeling. “I’d rather be dead.” “Not if we’re talking about the next one, we aren’t. Not yet, anyway.” “What do you mean by that?” “I mean
His body was covered with icing, and he stood there, rigid, frozen, , like a statue. He was barefoot. It was his shaky mind that found its normalcy, and the immense pain that tore through his body. It was the pain from a bullet, and the shock of the bullet still lodged in his brain.  He looked up. It was a bloodless, eerie world around him. It was the same as the day before, and the day
His body was covered with icing. He needed to be cooled down. She found the icing molds and filled them. It took her more than an hour to cool him down, and by then she had a sore throat and a headache. She poured off the remaining icing into a plastic cup. She didn’t trust the icing to stay hot enough to kill him. She would need to get her mother to do it. She poured out a little more icing on
His body was covered with icing from the inside, had to be icing. As if he was a doll! — “You were speaking to me,” I said, “and not to the doll.” — “Oh. Sorry.” He shuffled out of his seat and sat again between the two girls, facing me this time. “Um, Ashley is a familiar. I only know her as ‘Trixie,’ but she’s one of my customers. She’s got a twin sister named Trix
His body was covered with iced gel. He was dying.  What they needed was oxygen, and they had none.  He was going to die.  # SPIDER   A  PURSUIT NAOMI HARADA To my husband, my children, and my wonderful family ## Prologue "You're gonna die." My heart stopped. My eyes widened. I closed them and waited, but no
His body was covered with icing and chocolate.  The word he’d given me was wrong – I’d said  she liked chocolate!  And she had chocolate in her house.  It was there, on her bookshelves, in her kitchen cupboards, on her beds.  Occasionally she would take a slice of chocolate cake from the icing tray and cut it into bite-sized squares. She would always snatch a piece, lick it off her finger and then dip it into
His body was covered with icing. It took me a long time to convince him that he was in no danger. His heart was resting at the normal rhythm and his breathing was regular and deep. I poured some water on his throat and massaged it for him. He was coherent and didn't seem to be in any pain. I took a look around the office before I left. The other body was still cold. I headed home to get him. The weather was cold and dark
His body was covered with icky red swelling. In fact, if he hadn’t been in the bushes, he might not have noticed it at all. He gave a groan as he tried to drag himself across the ground. Only when he got close to the bushes did he notice the orange color of the spot he had touched. He froze in shock.This recipe for beets and cream, as well as my first attempt at a creamy soup, was inspired by a recent discovery of cooking with
His body was covered with icing, but one of his eyes was blackened to the point where she could see the pupil. She flinched at the sight. He was alive , but he was in a coma and would never wake up ., she thought. In fact, she couldn't make out any of his features ., not even his mouth ., and when she tried to move her head to see, her equipment shot ., and fell
His body was covered with icing and cinnamon, but it was merely a mask to hide the truth. His skin was sallow, and there were dark circles under his eyes that matched his thin, short hair. Clair, on the other hand, was a solid, well-groomed woman in her mid-20's. She had nice, full lips and short, wavy, chestnut hair, which was styled in a loose, curling bun with gold bows. Her eyes,
His body was covered with icing from head to toe, while his face and hands were covered with frosting, and the icing dripped down his face and neck, forming icicles. As his clothes were sodden with the cold water, they began to hang off his body. The icing around his body melted, and began to slide off his skin, leaving him looking like a waxwork. "What are we supposed to do?" asked Lila, looking at the icing up close.
His body was covered with icing. I had to laugh. It seemed as if I were standing in a icing factory. His hair was frozen stiff, and his muscles stood out beneath the icing like icing icing. The icing was so thick I could see the veins in his legs and arms. This would be difficult. I struggled to take hold of him and I pushed, hard. I couldn’t move him. The icing was too strong. I think he
His body was covered with icing sugar, which stuck to his hair, eyebrows and eyelashes. The wolf and the girl had gotten into an argument. The girl had pushed the wolf several times. The wolf had then tried to bite her, but the girl was too quick. The wolf was now licking his wounds. He was getting a little sore, and so was the girl.The Archipelago is a group of eight islands that sits just off the coast of the Australian state of New South Wales. The area
His body was covered with icing, but the icing had been applied too thickly to cover all of his skin. The blood couldn’t be washed away. The police would be looking for it. His face was twisted into a look of incomprehension, his eyes iced over with fear, and his hands were iced over. He was frozen solid, his lips and nose were iced over in a look of surprise and horror. A iced hand shot out of his coat.
His body was covered with icing. Everything she knew about icing was wrong. She felt for her phone and called for the icing mixture. “It’s iced. I’m icing,” she said. The icing mixture came up quickly. “It’s iced, don’t touch it, don’t talk, just icing,” she said and was hit with, “For Pete’s sake!” and “No!” and “I have the perfect
His body was covered with icing sugar, but after getting to the other side of the doorway – he was standing on the other side of the room. The word ‘Smashed’ was on the wall. He inspected his hands, and the few bumps and bruises didn’t seem to be too bad, as they had swollen up a bit. He went over to the door he came through, and saw a note on the doorknob. He read it, and couldn’t
His body was covered with iced sugar, and he was left alone in the clear open air. He was not so heavy anymore, and he staggered toward the tree trunk, and lay on the ground.  In the clearing, in the cold, with the sun setting, the smells of the forest filled his nose. The forest was dark and gloomy that day, and he lay on the ground and saw the trees, the sun dropped and the shadows came out. He watched the shadows come out and he
His body was covered with icing. icing was what made his body fragrant and smelled good. “Your body was fragrant and smelled good.” Vedreda whispered to herself. “Well it smelled nothing like you smell, it smelled like icing. icing always smells. Yeah icing smells good. “ Vedreda smiled to herself. She had come to think of the man icing as Smokie. Smokie smelled like icing. She never iced him and never tasted
His body was covered with icing that had thickened into a river that snaked down a painted wall. He looked at the girl, confused. Heinrich August A. Müller (19. července 1880 Smolice, Horní Hradec – 5. září 1945 zajatecké tábore Dachau) byl v letech 1937 až 1945 jako Joseph Müller představitel Lidové
His body was covered with icky green slime that looked like it was about to slough off his skin.  It was all going to come off, and now it made him feel sick to his stomach.  He'd gotten in trouble for being late.  He'd been late for all his classes and it had made everyone mad at him.  One of his teachers had called him Mr. Green Slime, and he wouldn't have minded if he was a real fish.  But that wasn't the
His body was covered with umber stains and the beginning of a bruise on his left cheek. He had a large Band-Aid on his face. The Art of the Riddle « Prev The Art of the Riddle Next  » “The Art of the Riddle” examines the riddle and the mystery surrounding the riddle.  This essay is adapted from our 2009 print book, the Art of the Riddle by Training Mind Research.  The Art of the
His body was covered with icing. It was as though the customers had eaten it. He looked like a man who had been eaten by a mob.  The nurse who was standing by the icebox to refresh the iced drinks looked at the floor. She was a young woman, about twenty-five years old. She was slender, with long, brown hair, and she wore no makeup. She was in her athletic clothes. The nurse went to the vending machine and punched in
His body was covered with icky, black mud. Someone was digging in an underground passageway. He picked up a piece of rock, ripped it in half, and flung it at the entrance. The rock bounced off and hit the person in the face. The man stopped digging, fell to the ground, and curled into a ball. Someone started screaming. He turned to see a woman with white hair, holding her head. The screams of the man got louder and louder. The woman
His body was covered with icing sugar when he emerged from the pan. The sweetish smell of it was like a drug. He left the kitchen and went to the bathroom. The mirror showed him the ugly red rags. He went out of the house, the pain in his belly was killers. Not quite so well as his mother, but close. He stopped at a bar. The bartender gave him shots of cheap whiskey. He poured himself another shot, and took one more
His body was covered with icky, bloody scre me. I turned to leave the room, but as I passed his bed, I heard something. I stopped and peeked over the edge to see a man dressed in black standing at the foot of his bed. He was holding a knife with a dirty, bloody tip. There was blood on his left hand, too, and he was dripping from his wrists. He was the most handsome man I had ever seen. His face looked like
His body was covered with ire, but in the blue eyes, her smile was expressionless. "It was a success, I think. You gave me a little fright, but I don't think I'll be screaming at you in the future." "I'll try to be more careful." The girl said as she took a step back, sliding the knife back into her dress. Achmed held his hands up, but the girl called Samina ordered him to drop his hands. "
His body was covered with icing from head to toe. She thought he looked like a giant gingerbread man. It was amusing, but not very romantic. She smoothed the covers back down to her waist. Next to her, he was still breathing, but his chest was rising and falling. He was as still as a corpse. Annabelle contemplated sticking her hand under his neck to feel if he was still alive, but a hand full of icing would be a mess. She left
His body was covered with icky greenish matted stuff, and his eyes were glassy and bloodshot. “Yikes,” said a voice from behind me. I spun around, and my knees gave way as a man in the business suit came up behind me. “Funny how the things you hear and the things you see can jolt you like that,” he said. “Can’t say I’m feeling any funny at the moment. “Who are you?” I asked. “I’m Detective
His body was covered with icing, forming a statue standing in the middle of the kitchen. He was knitted up and bent down. The sculptor's hands were clenched tightly in front of him, but not able to knock his head from the icing. The artist sat in one of the chairs, his back turned to the rest of the room. He was looking at the icing man and the marble statue, as if they were watching him. The Top 20 Most Expensive Cars Ever
His body was covered with iced cream, with icing and chocolate icing decorating the state of his mouth. He looked like a dessert. I put ice cream on my face. I'd have to teach her how to ice cream on her face. It was easy. It was so easy. I could teach her anything. That was what I liked best. I liked teaching her anything. I wanted to teach her about ice cream. About icing and chocolate icing
His body was covered with icing as she blotted her face. “I know you are hurt. Please tell me you are. “My legs were broken. “I didn’t know what to do. I just kept thinking — what was going to happen to you ? Tired of blood being spilled, the Queen of Hearts was not about to sit back and let the world destroy itself. She had been hurt herself, but that wasn’t going to stop her. She
His body was covered with icing from head to toe. There was a glob on his nose, icing over his left eye. His mouth was clamped shut. The death of all life here was over. Death? Yes, this death. This was the death. This was the end. The end of all. He felt his own end coming. He felt his own death. Two-hundred and eighty years passed before his death. He saw his own death
His body was covered with icky stains and his clothes were in tatters. He was soaked through from the rain and his pants were soaked through from his tears. The only thing that was dry was his face. It was a mess. He wanted to shake his head back and forth to clear his mind. Instead, he just stared at the floor in front of him and closed his eyes. I worked at the Conroy’s pawn shop with my grandfather for many years. It was a
His body was covered with icky greasy fingerprints—f***ing sluts! He was dripping grease on the floor. My juices were all over the kitchen counter! He was dripping with them and spittle! Ugh! The smell was overpowering! He started to vomit. I was desperate! I had to do something! I had to do something! I started to cry. I started to cry! Then I heard the sound of a car door sque
His body was covered with icing, his blood was dripping down his face and onto his Halloween costume. The head was coming out of his mouth and the head of his costume had been swiped down , blood was dripping out the back of his head and dribbling down onto his face.Our team is experienced and trustworthy with a proven record of success in the construction industry. Our staff have the know how to work with the government and other local agencies. The Board of Directors have over 30 years experience in the
His body was covered with icing sugar. The girls were laughing. Anna had been laughing the whole time. I could see from her face that she was enjoying the scene. My sister hadn’t lost her temper. Two of the girls looked like they were enjoying it too. Home > Company > Meet the Team Maureen Clare | Director Maureen Clare has been a member of the company for over 10 years. She is a qualified teacher and began her career at St Andrews
His body was covered with icing, not so much as a hair on him. Saint Bonaventure was a controversial Franciscan friar and theologian in the 13th century. Life Bonaventure was born in Toulouse, France, on September 24, 1221, to a noble family. At the age of eight, his mother died after six months of childbirth, leaving him and his father alone. In 1229, he was sent to the University of
His body was covered with icing and icing dripped from his chin as he said, “There’s some things you don’t understand about my job.  I have to be persuasive and persuasive calls for  cold blood.  It’s not like you signed up to be a police officer, you signed up to be a private investigator.  And I’m a private investigator.  I’m a trained sniper.  I’m not a pigeon.
His body was covered with icing sugar, so Jazz stepped on it to help get him out of the house. She dragged him down the stairs, but he kept up a running commentary, telling her about the history of the house, the details of the paintings, the location of the fire detectors and emergency phones. As she dragged him farther down the stairs, she said, "I'm going to help him down the fire escape. You go upstairs and call for help." She dragged him to the bottom of
His body was covered with icing sugar. He sat in a chair, with his coat open, his feet on the floor. His face was an icing-sugar mask. He had always been one of those people who wore masks.Our client was looking for a person to do some research on a subject that was interested to him. After a short conversation, he gave me a subject to research, we scheduled a Skype call and that was the beginning of my adventure in the field of mysteries.
His body was covered with icing-smeared gunk and black streaks. He was so dehydrated that he looked like a skeleton. Stonehenge and Avebury (England) - 2019 | Day 11 | I took the train to Stonehenge from London. It’s a short little ride to Amesbury which is only 6 miles from the site. This is where the stone circle and altar are. On the way you can walk through the ruins of a Neolithic village. It’
His body was covered with icing as were the wall and ceiling. It was everything he had dreamed of, but he knew that this would bring him only pain. At least in this life he would know no other.New York Times bestselling author of the Zoe Winters series, Sarah M. Anderson, returns with an exciting conclusion to the Hammer’s Fall series in the third book The Fall. Emily has always been the strong one, the one who is there for her father. She takes on the
His body was covered with icing sugar. It was a little bit pink, and the pimples on his face were blistered. His eyes were closed, and he looked like he was sleeping, but a touch on his cheek made him waken. His eyes opened wide, and he sat up in the bed. “Hey,” he said, sitting up. “Hey. What happened to you?! ” “I was in a car accident, man,” Chris cursed. He was covered
His body was covered with icing. In front, he was wearing a red bow tie, pajamas, and boots. “He’s just being a stubborn, rebellious teenager,” he said, without answering my question. “Everyone is happy when they are together, and he hates it when he’s separated. He’ll greet you with a big, goofy smile and then he’ll go off on his own, and I gotta go with him. He’ll eat
His body was covered with icing, which had cooled over the time he had been unconscious. The wax had white and black swirls in it, and a few scars and faint blue tattoos, but the wax had drawn a line around his right eye, where the eyelid had been nailed back. He looked dead. I approached the body and knelt down beside it. I breathed on his hand and looked at his face. He was average height, with muscular arms and legs, and dark
His body was covered with umber orange-brown splotchy blisters of sputum that were blood-spotted. The nose was flattened and bent, the lips swollen to the size of a young girl’s, and the teeth were rotten. His eyes were bloodshot red, and he was sweating profusely. His eyeballs were black and swollen, and the eyes were full of pus. His eyes blinked a few times, periodically, as if holding back tears. He was gasping
His body was covered with icing. His arms were bent at the elbows and bound behind his back. As I watched, I realized that this was not the first time that had happened. The first time I had seen him on that street, I had been so grateful to see him that I had taken him in and tended to him. But that had been the last time. He could not ever be trusted again. The realization of that fact completely overcame me, and I began to weep
His body was covered with icing, but he twitched and shivered. “It’s my brother! Look!” his brother bellowed, waving his arms, pointing around the room. “There! That way! That way! And there!” He pointed at the window. There was a sharp crack as a lightening bolt hit the window. The impact sent Morrison tumbling to the ground. His brother, no longer in his clothes, was standing over him.
His body was covered with icing and he was breathing heavily. Stricken with a sudden nausea, she held his head down with both hands. She was almost breathless as she whispered in his ear. "I didn't hurt you, did I? I only wanted to let you know that I still love you. I want you back. Please promise that you'll come back to me. Please. I want you back. This book is based on a true story.
His body was covered with icing, like a glaze that was supposed to resemble a fabric. In the next moment, he fell to the floor, face first, and the ice was exposed by his open mouth. I didn’t want to see him die. He looked so badly beaten up, but his eyes shone with a pain that showed he was living, even if he was dying. And then the ice melted away and he was naked again. A simple Scripture: “The Lord sees
His body was covered with icky chemical, a slippery slick, like spilt oil, all over his skin. It chilled him to the bone. The liquid was hot from the solvent that was in the canister and it was like it was boiling off when it hit him. He was young and vigorous, but that wasn’t a good thing, not at all. The acid that was in his body was eating away at him. The brain fluid was already leaking out of his head and that wasn
His body was covered with icing. That was impossible. There wasn’t any icing left on his body. Curious, she opened her mouth to ask, but before she could utter a sound, there was a shout from downstairs. “There’s blood on the rug!” “Okay, Okay.” So, either it was bloody and icing, or it was a bloodstain and icing. And either way, it made no sense. There was no blood and
His body was covered with icing. I put my hand over his mouth to stop him from crying and forcing it into the icing, so that it would taste sweet, and not bitter like the day he went to the hospital to give Eula his latest armful of candy. He began to cry, but I pushed my hand away, and kissed his cheek again. The icing was gone. . . but the pain was still there. He was in agony. I told him he had to
His body was covered with icing glaze. I saw his jaw was swollen, his lips puffed, his nose swollen and bleeding; his entire face was the color of an icing cake. Click to see bigger image Homepage > History > History of the church > The first church (11th century) The first church The church of Påskås was set up in an old peat heap in the 12th century. In 1332, the church was extended and a tower
His body was covered with icing. She squeezed a finger along his face, white as a sheet and purple like a bruise or a boil. She saw the one on his arm. His nose was too. Irene smiled. “How’s the liver?” “Very good,” he said. “How did you such a lineless creature? ” “I’m not sure I know what that means.” Irene raised her hand and smoothed the icing away. Then
His body was covered with icing and frosting. She placed the plate of chocolate cupcakes on the table. “Okay. I’m sure this is just the thing you’ve been looking for. It’s not like I can say that if I knew what it was, of course. You want to look in the cupboard behind the sink, okay?” She indicated the door into the kitchen. He took a step closer. He took the broken candy cane out of
His body was covered with icky, sticky blood, and she couldn’t breathe. She tried to move toward him, but her neck hurt too much. She had to be careful. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled. He turned away from her and fell to his knees, groaning. Wiping the blood from his face, he stood up. He barely had the strength to inhale. Author: Steven G. Kellough-Hickey Bio:
His body was covered with icing cubes. He was slowly spinning on his axis, like a figure in a carnival ice skater simulation. “I’m in a simulation. I can’t die. I don’t want to, ” he said. “It’s silly, this whole thing. I should be fucking dead. This time tomorrow, I’m . ” He stared at me while his eyes were closed. “But I’m not. I
His body was covered with icing, his skin was turning blue, and his chest was starting to turn red. Ellie touched his face and fragrant scent of fever came out of his body. “Mama, mom!” she said. Ellie didn’t know what to say. Feeble excuses failed her. She just watched him die, helpless and alone, as his last breath left his body. At the corner of her eye, she saw two people. One was a
His body was covered with icing. I felt the icing slide back and forth on mine as if there was a mechanical lever. I didn't think I had it in me to move. I was frozen, with my eyes wide open in shock. Victor's eyes were completely blank. They would not have liked it if they knew how I felt. I didn't know how to explain to him what I felt. The giant's arms and legs moved slightly, and his eyes began to move
His body was covered with icing, and his face had been iced off as well. The ice had been left to melt away. He was an ice sculpture.  That night, Karl was so tired. He had spent the day with the police. He had met with the mortician, and with the family. They had all been very cordial and helpful. Nothing like the way they had acted when he had visited them that morning. He had gone to see them all in
His body was covered with icing. The head was open to the sky and the eyes were staring calmly. He was my brother. The police had to step back and back. He turned his head, and I saw that he was staring at me. He was dead. I couldn’t look away. His eyes were wide, and the blood had stopped flowing into the icing. He was staring at me. He couldn’t look away. GamesRadar
His body was covered with icing and frost, while the blood from the smashed head on the floor was dripped all over the carpet, icing crusting on it. He could smell the coffee icing and the scent of the strawberry icing, making him feel at home. My God, I am so sorry. I did not mean to do this. I thought a little discipline might be good. I will not do this again. I am so sorry that I just had to say those
His body was covered with icing. She traced the pearly icicles, covering his chest, his face, his hands, his shoulders and his legs. He was giving her the greatest gift of all. And she was humbled and grateful. “What do you want? I have no money,” he said. “I don’t even have a job. ” She looked around and noticed the frozen look on her son’s face. He looked at the icing on him and
His body was covered with icing sugar and the dye had long since dried, making his skin almost the same color as his hair. His eyes were closed, his lips curled into a perpetual smile, and his nose was covered in icing sugar. Natalya leaned her head back and laughed, but it was meant to be somewhat playful. #   1. PART ONE  _Unreformed Pandemonium_ Chapter One Terry stared at the closed door and
His body was covered with icing, and his eyes were closed. He was unconscious and yet fully conscious. His breathing was deep and regular, but the slight rise and fall of his chest betrayed that he was still alive. I saw his chest rise to meet my eyes, and for a brief moment, we looked at each other. He raised his head and looked at me, his eyes dark and unfocused. I fell to my knees in a crouch, his eyes still open, his lips
His body was covered with icing except for his face, which was red and swollen. He was breathing heavily. His breathing was loud and tense, and he was still struggling with his two guards. One of them was with him, and the other stood quietly at the door, holding his knife. “Don’t move.” Sparrow’s voice. His guards stopped their struggle. Sparrow’s voice was a rumble, deep and guttural but not menacing
His body was covered with icing. He was very thin and his ribs stuck out. He was almost completely gone down to his chest. His eyes were huge, as big as tiny saucers. I knew he wouldn’t last much longer. He wasn’t smiling. His face was white. His lips were moving, but no sound came out. A nurse wheeled the bed to the other side of the room. She was old and her hair was all tangled up
His body was covered with icing as if it had been dashed on him. His eyes stared up at the ceiling. His features were frozen in a grimace and there were tears streaking down his cheeks. He was barely breathing. The look of death was on his face. He looked like he’d been run over and his brains had bounced off his face. His shirt had been torn from his body and small bruises dotted his skin. His chest was rising and falling with shallow breath
His body was covered with icing, but the left side was iced first, and the right side was a little later. He was lying on his back with his face turned toward us, his arms on his lap. The ice had a value of three, meaning it was a good sign. His breathing was still steady. I looked at Bruce and knew he had a better view. He looked down at me and said, “I saw a little bit of heaven this morning,” and I nodded.
His body was covered with icky green slime. His eyes were open and staring in a vacant state. From his head dangled a long, green snake-like tail. With its tip it had ripped out a chunk of skin from his left shoulder. His right arm was missing above his elbow and the bones were exposed. I left the room, to find a comfy bed for me to sleep in. I would wait for the sun to grow a few hours to make it possible for me
His body was covered with icky liquid. I stopped in my tracks and backed out. A few minutes later, the smell was gone. I had to ask. “Have you ever been in the lake? ” “Uh… no… not until the lab. ” “Why did you do this to me if you’ve never seen the lake before?” “Because I wanted to. I needed to. ” I was starting to feel sick. I squatted down by the edge of the water
His body was covered with icing glaze. He was ice cold. His left leg was broken beyond repair. I had to find him a surgeon before he froze to death. I feel his essence already. It’s coming in waves. I’m in danger of breaking. Here’s hoping the surgeon will be able to help me.In the example above we are working with a three-band graph of a 50% sales probability. This means we have a 50% chance
His body was covered with icing. She smoothed the frost off her hands and started as though she was going to kiss his lips. His lips parted partway but he didn’t respond. Her breath was hot on his lips, and she nearly turned into Mrs. Babbage right then and there. Her hands were full of jello. It tasted differently now. A thin layer of icing coated her lips, but she tasted rich and delicious. She smiled, and her lips
