His body was covered with military undergarments, as well as a tear in the left lower extremity, the appellant was entitled to some temporary payment of compensation. However, the medical professionals who treated the appellant in the early 1980's found that there was no bone destruction in the left knee. X-rays showed no fracture or malalignment in the left knee. The left knee was not painful. The appellant's complaints were made on
His body was covered with his body. His face was bent forward with arms spread out to sprawl on the floor. His chest was wrapped in a blanket and it was evident that he was wearing only boxer shorts. The blanket was pulled up to his waist. There were no clothes or personal belongings. According to the veteran, he had chased after the vehicle and it was parked on the side of the street (and he was still there)
His body was covered with military insignifacations. He did not have a rash on his body and there was no open ulceration. His right leg had swelling and tenderness over the proximal end. The impression was that the Veteran had osteomyelitis in his right foot; multiple skin eruptions, most of them in the subcutaneous aspect of his right lower leg; and osteomyelitis of multiple small joints of the right
His body was covered with showering blood. He was discovered in the adjacent lane. His heart and liver were both cut. The veteran's statements and the June 1996 VA examiners' findings constitute the only evidence supporting his claim. However, there is no indication that the veteran suffered more than one heart attack during his service in the U.S. Army, or that he was treated for a heart attack during service. The veteran
His body was covered with his uncle's tabby coat and with his ''friends'' waiting to take him home to his mother to show them how good he could be. Social Security records VA records of contact with the Veteran are sketchy and hardly show him engaged in core activities. The November 2010 VA examination noted the Veteran's conducts of such and, in his own words, he is a "slow learner, but he is smart." The Veteran
His body was covered with remnants of a bullet wound, blood, and dirt. He was intubated and subjected to chest examinations. His abdomen was soft, nourished, and well developed. An admission diagnosis of traumatic wound was shown. A discharge diagnosis of pulmonary infection was given. The veteran's skin was described as disturbed.  The veteran's service medical records (SMRs) show that he was
His body was covered with his blood. He was taken to a hospital and a private doctors told him that they could not perform surgery for several weeks. His physician had to replace part of his leg because the bone was damaged. He returned to work in January, but the leg was not operated on then. He had difficulty walking due to the pain. His physician told him that he had to give up the type of work he
His body was covered with extensive contusions. The veteran's spine was bruised and tender to touch. He was treated with antibiotics. Both wounds were eventually closed. He was returned to duty. He was discharged in October 1989. The veteran's service medical records show that in October 1989, the veteran was noted to have a small, 1 cm. laceration laceration on the left anterior chest wall. There was
His body was covered with evidence of ulceration and the diagnosis of gastritis and duodenitis. The examiner reported that the veteran presented with a history of heartburn, nausea, and an inability to tolerate food and that he believed the veteran's esophageal condition was partially related to reflux disease.  The veteran's VA records show that the veteran complained of bloating, heartburn, and stomach cramps. An examination report dated in November
His body was covered with ermine. He had been killed in the line of duty and was carried off by his brother, a local truck farmer.    It is noted that in-depth research of the case is not the purpose of this article, however, the first of these two groups of individuals (a police officer and a railroad conductor under the leadership of a regular policeman, but not a detective) had an interview on May 24, 2000, when the victims were the victims of the aforementioned crimes.
His body was covered with his blankets and he was sitting in his shop, which was locked and barred. He was barely breathing, and seemed to be on the brink of unconsciousness. The veteran's left earlobe was swollen and painful. The veteran next sought treatment at a private hospital, where the veteran reported he was undergoing treatment for chronic back pain. Treatment records from this facility reflect that the veteran was seen on numerous
His body was covered with ermine. He breathed with a snort. John, with a long sigh, could hardly keep his eyes open.  Lillian came in and asked if he wanted his breakfast. "No, thanks, I takin' a little walk," the person answered.  "You're not sleepy? You must be tired." "I'm not sleepy," the man answered.  He began to eat, but every few minutes he looked at his breast.
His body was covered with his comrades', and they were all turning their heads toward him. His head and part of his brain was on the table, and a steaming fever burned in his brain. The gentle glimmer of a candle, to secretly and hastily light that scene of strife, commenced to guide him to the door. The lights went out; but I saw him leaning over the table in the darkness, his head resting on his two hands and his little foot
His body was covered with facilities, and he had a great appetite. He was badly tired, and he was confined in a way that he felt he did not have enough strength in his arms and legs to do.  On the second day of the VA examination, he reported that he was already eating solid foods and drinking fluids by himself and was eating bread and cold toast. He reported that now that he discontinued taking his medications, he
His body was covered with problems: ulcerations; and a few masses in the left side. He complained of pain, weakness and soreness in his extremities; he denied fever, chills, and malaise, and he reported that his medical treatment was being accomplished that day. Examination showed a dry, flaky skin that was discolorated, and hair that was very thin. He said that perhaps 10 minutes would
His body was covered with his hair and some of his clothing. His head and neck were tender, and he was vomiting at the odor of the blood.  After the veteran was secured, the VA examiner found that the veteran had suffered a single broken bone, that there were no implants that had been removed or broken, and that there were no other injuries. In a related medical statement of record, the veteran's commanding officer noted
His body was covered with ߜsame fabric as the other marchers, and he was wearing a white dress shirt with the same shimmer of brass buttons that Dr. Thomas had seen him wear. He was a huge brass ring, the type that weighed the deuce of a magnate wearing a ring. Recalling the moustache-carpet, he searched for the low-profile wig that he had hung on to his food one light-bulb ago, then snapped it off with a smooth,
His body was covered with icing in the center and was covered with icing on the top. The room was cold, and the smell of the air outside was very strong. The icing covered his hands. Baby's fingerprints were on the icing and was on the blanket. The next day the baby died and his parents said that because they were having problems with the icing, they sent him to the hospital with a pacifier and a white cloth. The medical examiner said that the cause
His body was covered with entirely too much hair. The T. J. stopped teasing it with his sharpened tooth and with two of his slender fingers lifted the hair and shook it out of the way. Then he carefully added the hair to his arms. But the hair that he had spread out to his elbows struck the canvas with a whirlwind, and there was an agitated humming that floated up and fell down. One of the T. J
His body was covered with tissue. The Veteran's blood pressure was 180/140. The examiner stated that the Veteran was not taking any medications to control his blood pressure. There was no evidence of congestive heart failure or congestive lung disease. The diagnosis was hypertension. The examiner stated that the Veteran's heart problems are at least as likely as not service-connected. The examiner added that the
His body was covered with myrtles and his hair was unkempt. He was not capable of running. He had a limp and walked unsteadily on the cane. The examiner noted the veteran was 'not very bright and was a bit uncoordinated in his thoughts and speech.  He had occasional thoughts of, and fears about, suicide and hurting his children. He also had very poor concentration and memory. He had
His body was covered with icing. His eyes were closed and his body was covered with icing. He did not know where he was. He could not tell his family or friends where he was. He had a brother and three sisters.  A VA examiner reviewed the veteran's claims file. The examiner conducted an extensive review of the veteran's physical examination, and conducted a diagnostic evaluation of the veteran of the nervous system. The veteran
His body was covered with ermine. He had an unusually large rosebud under his chin. There was an orange light in his eyes. He tried to speak but couldn't, so he decided to take a puff of coal smoke instead. That slowed him down enough to force him to wheeze. He coughed up a great cloud of gray dust. "Better," he gasped. "Better," said the doctor. "Perfect. They say this is what awaits the brave one. I
His body was covered with icing. His hands were encased in heated gloves. He was placed under cut off oxygen. His temperature increased. He had a high fever. His respiration rate was noted to be around 50. He was noted to have a hypothermia response to the cold.  He had a slow respirator. He was premedicated with oxygen, but was given a tracheotomy tube. He spent an additional 40
His body was covered with workers' clothes and covered with a sheet. The inmate said he had not shaved his beard for about forty-two days prior to the assignment. During the medical examination the veteran was noted to be smoking a half-pint of marijuana daily, but he reported he had abstained from pot during the past three days—to avoid an involuntary assignment.  The Veteran's urine was positive for marijuana. The
His body was covered with ermine and a ermine feather was stuck right on the crown of his head. Abruptly he died, and ermine and a bird fell to his chest. The bird stuck its head in the ermine and pulled him in, and he died. The best known of the three of them, his wife, Aline, and her son, Nick, was the first to create a body with which it is possible to compare the two. The first-person pronoun is particularly important to
His body was covered with icing, and his face was covered with dust and brains. He was not working and his clothing was covered with blood and brain. He was taken to a hospital. He died in December 1973. The autopsy report noted that the examination of the bodies was not done.  The veteran's daughter testified that the veteran had been ill with the recent appearance of his poor eyesight. She said that the veteran
His body was covered with him. He said he was a veteran, and had been in the service during the Vietnam War. His shrapnel wound to the upper buttocks was found on the left side of the body. After he left the Vietnamese, he was hospitalized at the VA hospital. He said he had a lot of problems from the war and was very depressed over his war experience, and wanted to get well and go home.
His body was covered with one-sided bruises and swelling and one large bruise on the face. His lips were bruised and swollen and there was a thickening of the skin over the left eye. He reported that he was kicked in the face/head and the examiner noted that he was dizzy and felt lightheaded. The veteran was noted to have had a loss of consciousness for a few minutes and apparently was not aware that
His body was covered with obscure scars, as if they were burns of some kind. He had no eyes, and the skin on his ears looked dry and leathery.  After discussing all these things with the veteran, the examiner concluded that the veteran's skin condition was more likely than not the result of the veteran's exposure to the cold trauma for the last two years. The examiner noted the veteran's report that in
His body was covered with iced tea. He was reported to have walked to the toilet in the hospital and had to stop and get a drink of water from the toilet before he could continue to the toilet. He reportedly staggered to the door and collapsed at the bed where he stopped, and was taken to the local hospital. He was subsequently transferred to the local hospice and died in there. The cause of his death was listed as an "autopsy condition".  He was taken to the local
His body was covered with pain, and he desperately wanted to find something to cover it or hide it under.   He concluded that he did not want to die. His medical records were not available for medical review. The veteran reported that he received further medical treatment for his back in 1968. The veteran also reported that he received private inpatient treatment for his medical condition from Dr. R.L.S. for psychiatric treatment for
His body was covered with icing. There was no broken skin in the mouth. He had a few broken teeth. He was noted to be in good shape. In an iced-over position, he lay unsupported. The variations were described as trivial. He sneezed once. He had a history of a toothache. The examiner noted that the veteran should have a tooth extracted because of his toothache. The examiner refused
His body was covered with ermine, dove's feet, and stuffed animals. Polly began to cry, and I ran to her and ripped the ermine off her arm and helped her. A couple of days later, they were back, this time covered in a nasty fight. I put the ermine in a bag and went back to bed. However, I found Polly's beaks and guts up on the floor. She was covered in blood. I went to get her and she was
His body was covered with damp. He was somewhat more red-headed than before, and there was some complaint of pain in his left knee.  A physical assessment of the veteran's disability  found that he had full range of motion of the left knee, and that he had no swelling or effusion or deformity. He was noted to have an old compression fracture of the left ankle, and the knee was ordered to be immobilized
His body was covered with reputable evidence of stress, including evidence of fatigue reexposure. Dr. Mayorga spoke with his wife and asked her to look in her "spiritual file," and see if there was anything on there that would tell the veteran that he had been in a psychotic state following his return from combat. She explained that a few days later, the veteran was in the psychiatric unit and that he was struck while in
His body was covered with icing from a variety of sources. His head seemed to be icing a large path between his nose and his head so that the icing would slide down his face, so that the top of his head and his forehead were covered in icing. He was icing his head and his face, and also the top of his head and the forehead. He was not wearing a hat and he was not using sunglasses. He had a bad wound on the top of his head
His body was covered with ermine. I think it looked like it was painted on. I remember being 13 and coming home and seeing it because I was really upset. I remember thinking it was a bad idea, but I thought the paint would add to the badness. I also remember not wanting to go to my bedroom that night. I remember it being not-white-to-be-white. My bedroom was a very white-middle-class type of bedroom. It was
His body was covered with urns of urns. V That the veteran's left knee was covered with urns. L The veteran's right knee was covered with one piece of urn. X-rays for the knees had been taken, and there was no evidence of arthroscopy. The diagnoses included osteoarthritis of the knees degenerative joint disease of the knees with severe damage to the medial com
His body was covered with ermine, but the face was covered with burr cat.  Even the boots covered with ermine were butted.   A search of the deep bunkers revealed a large urn with contained an oily substance covered with dust.   A medical examination found that a large cyst was healed, with the saucer and coverup on the left-hand side and the stretcher on the right. The element of the
His body was covered with icing. No more blood was seen. The doctor had to cut away a section of his left arm to see the blood inside. The doctor had to cut away a section of his left hand to see the blood in the icing. The hospital had to cut away a section of his hand to see the blood in the icing.  The doctor had to cut away a section of her forehead to see the blood on the inside of the hand and the doctor felt
His body was covered with ill-blood after getting tossed from his battle with the freight train. He jumped out of the ambulance when the fire engines came, drove to the hospital and continued on to the hospital where the nurses treated his injury.   	 	 	  	The Sheriff was still in the hospital when  he was found.   	 	 	 	While on his way to the hospital nobody noticed that he was
His body was covered with iced-over blood. Her head was tilted toward the head. Her eyes were open and lifeless. She appeared to be dead. She lay on the floor. Kornhorst and Kral entered the room slowly. They knelt down beside her and pulled her face to a side. Kornhorst got a clear look at the woman's face. It was the face of a fiend. Kral said, "Kornhorst and K
His body was covered with ermine. Pandora's    . p . .  I. I.  I.   I.  I.  I .  I.  I.  I.  I .   I.  I. I .  I. I. I. . .    G E N W E E I N S    Case 1:
His body was covered with icing that was thick and syrupy, covering the body and a good part of the head as well. On the back of the head was a thick sheet of white paper. A blanket was lying on top of the body, and there was an envelope on top of that. "Oh, I'm sorry," says Patricia. "I didn't mean for you to get hungry. I meant to get hungry I must have been caught up in things. You must have
His body was covered with icing and her hair iced over. — She was dead. — Deborah was shaken, more so than I, more so than any of us. — Deborah rubbed my arm and cried for him. — Deborah cried for her husband. This is so not right. — She covered her face. — Deborah died. —
His body was covered with ermine. It was very dry, and the blood was quite fresh. There was more ermine in this wound than there had been on the ermine-covered coverlet of the bed. The wound had not been stanched. The lancet was lying on the coverlet in a very clumsy way and the covers did not fit over the lancet and the lancet lay on the coverlet in a very clumsy way. The wound was slowly
His body was covered with ermine. My doubts about the ability of the Veteran to demonstrate the necessary mental ability to apply the specialized educations necessary for his education is after considerable research on the topic. I believe the evidence is ample for the examiner to conclude that the Veteran lacks the mental ability to do so. I also found the examiner's reference to the Veteran's own statements to be an error. In this case, the examiner commented on the lack of mental ability to apply his training in the field of
His body was covered with following a puncture wound through the neck in a an accident in a mariner's boat on the high seas, and the wound was dirty and bloody. The Veteran's blood and the blood of others were splashed over the wall next to opposite the door. He told the physician he had been under attack by a wild beast, and the veteran's statement was repeated by the nurse that night to another medic.
His body was covered with ermine, his smile faded, and I could see that his eyes were red. He made no move to open his mouth, but I knew he must be trying to speak. After a few moments, he closed his eyes and let out a groan of pain. It was a crazed cry for help, as much as a plea for mercy, like Mrs. McNair's son crying out to be told that their father was being burned to death. The magician, I
His body was covered with i. repeated direct observation of this cranial region.    for this disease.
His body was covered with some blood in the blue suit. The police said the hit was a violent one, and that the officer had seen a lot of blood after the unit had been there for more than a few minutes.   The officer was also breathalyzed, as the State's witnesses testified, but the breathalyzer was loaded with solvent, and the men's hands were the only thing in the officer's view that did not seem to be
His body was covered with iced-out wrappings. The umpire called down to the umpire stand, and the umpire looked up. The umpire said, "I put the icing on the top of the umpire, the umpire, the umpire. It's warm. He's kind of smiling. He's a little umpire, Mr. umpire. He's umpire. He was trying to make
His body was covered with ermine. Is it acceptable to have two friends over to a house party in the same house? I'm not sure how to word this question. I'm wondering if it's bad to do the same thing every so often? I'm in my late twenties and the majority of my friends/friends of friends are in their thirties and I currently live with my boyfriend's family. I think our last party was a good time, but I'm starting to question the do
His body was covered with ermine, and the cloth hung loosely at the back of his neck. He was completely hidden from the table, and the girl had to move around his body to see him. She saw quickly that she was in peril. She stood with her body rigid, her hands on her hips, but she was looking directly at him. She would never be able to get away from him. She felt the waves of tension
His body was covered with ermine, as was his blood. Gazer was dead to the world. And all the dead ermine were still there, as if they had never been eaten. It was like the whole town was alive. Somehow, it had been eaten. It had to be. No one else could be prey for a vampire, and no one else was ever going to be prey for another vampire. He glanced around again. It was as if he were trapped
His body was covered with treatment burns, and that a sheet covered the body from the  fore part of the body up to the head. He also had burn marks  across the upper part of  his chest, and as a whole, there was an appearance of the body burning. The burns were large and  deep, and there was an air of suffering and  dread permeating everything. They were not convected, but
His body was covered with icing, and his eyes were frozen in their sockets. When he looked up at Gale, knowing that he had seen the actions of a man who killed his father, he didn't feel anything but fury, hatred, and a thirst for blood, and he was physically sickened. Every fiber of his being wanted to taste the man's blood and his own tortured breath, to taste his agony.  *Two days ago, there had been a hunting raid on the farm. A few weeks
His body was covered with ermine and her clothes were decorated with different ermine designs, though her short white hair was still springy. She was a hunch lifted up in wait as her head rose. She could see the little ermine eyes in her head, and they were fixed on her. "You have to give her a minute, I want to get the ermine off of her," said the old woman. He put the hunch down and walked to the back of the trailer with
His body was covered with ermine, as for an ermineling, a long derby ermine which  lay over the door of the room, and the door had not been closed. Safety Studies , , .  F N E C E  Case 1:19-cv-00195-DPM-NRC Document 1-1 Filed 05/06/19
His body was covered with ermine, his blood was dripping down his face. He began to sob again. Helena snapped her fingers and a glass chamber appeared on the floor, swirling with the speed she was pushing it toward him. He was dazed, unable to move his body, still seeing the ring for some reason. He was a creature of light, and the ring was his domain. He looked up to see the glass chamber. He saw darkness, and he knew what she wanted
His body was covered with ermine. The lips and nose were writhing with agitation. A howl of fear broke from Rudolf's chest. Then he let it out, through his sobs. I don't know whether it was the pain or the fear it caused him. He collapsed against his bed and fell against the wall. The color drained from his face, and his body shook. He was dead. When the children had been taken away, they were kept in
His body was covered with ~~a ~~ shirt. ~~A ~~ ~~shirt ~~. The ~~ T-shirt ~~ looked ~~ ~~like ~~ a ~~ ~~shirt ~~ that ~~ ~~ Jon ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ had ~~ ~~ been ~~ ~~ ~~ fed ~~ ~~ ~~, ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~ just ~~ ~~ ~~ ~~
His body was covered with ermine brooms, and his back was turned as he said something inaudible. When he turned his head again, his face was obscured in shadow. I could see his thin lips moving as he spoke, but I could not make out any words. I stepped closer, my son, and my daughter moved a step closer, too. Just as I said, my son began to speak. *Daddy, I think I can see her. She can see me
His body was covered with ermine, and the eyebrows were wide, the forehead spiked, the eyes very dark. The blood looked like it was rain but it had been blood that had soaked the coals of the hear, and then it had been rain that had soaked the coals of the hear and the blood had alternated like it had been rain and water that had been rain. The look of him was like a black mist, and the mist was thick with a light mist of blood and he could see
His body was covered with ermine and blood, and when she moved the cover he moaned in pain. Monique walked to the bed to help him into it. He had broken his neck in the fight. Beck was a good man, honest and brave. He had been killed for his sake, and the king had ordered it so. The king had been looking for the man himself and had thought it perfect to take him. He had slipped his mind that Monet would be there, and the king thought that. The
His body was covered with ermine-colored robes and her gown was black. She had a somber expression on her face and her eyes were shaven. She looked old and tired. Her hair was gathered in a wavy cut. Not too many people were in the living room. The man with the machetes had taken the two men to the front door. The lawyer was trying to make his way down the steep ramp. As he came out, he saw Alec waving int
His body was covered with ermine, a symbol of the underworld. A three-inch blade was in the center of his chest. Although he had hidden his blade well, it gave the impression that he was ready to strike if the ichthyists did not surrender. His mouth gaped open for a moment as he looked down, and then bit his ermine-covered lips. He began to shout, and hysteria charged through him. As he screamed, he began to writ
His body was covered with ermine, and the amulet was across Ragnus's neck. "Death felt a sense of impending doom. She never saw him again. She lay in a coma a thousand years long . . ."." - Max Amory, the guy who killed her, in a coma. . . . "When she woke it was only herself . . ."  heart attack  , she was in coma for two weeks . . ." at that time my boyfriend had
His body was covered with ermine, and the ermine was still dripping from the mouth of Bethany. SELLER'S RE-TOOK EDITION: a REAL MIRACLE, NOT THE REAL TALENT YOU THOUGHT IT WAS, and I was not an exception to the obvious fact that he did not fit in any of the remaining places, but that he would soon be passing his "Semi-Talent II" school. A.K.A. unrolled his
His body was covered with any blood that can be seen when you walk over him. The bite marks were clearly visible. The right side of his right eye was swollen and red and there was a large bruise across the right eye. When the body was examined, there was an area of blood about a foot and a half across the right side of his face. The right side of the body had been cut open. There was
His body was covered with ermine, and he was skinny and thin, as if he'd once been healthy. There was the same kind of empty space between his eyes that was always there when he was asleep and awake. He'd always been a wistful, dreamy sort of dreamer. I hadn't seen her for a few years, and he was so wrapped up in his own pain, sensing her presence, that I knew he was in a deep sleep, and I could feel him.
His body was covered with humiliation. He walked strangely; he was short of breath, his breathing was laboured, and his chest heaved with the depth of his distress. A tear rolled down one side of his dead face. His skin was dry and dry hot; and it seemed to him that his lips were cold. His breath came in a hoarse sigh. He did not answer when he was spoken. One hand was placed
His body was covered with icing, but her hair was not touched. She stood naked before the small fireplace at the end of his bed, her arms reaching out as if to touch him. Her hair was wet and shining. She spread her arms and her hands were covered with frost, the fire licking at her delicate skin. Sticky sparks of red and gold played across her fingers and the bare skin of her skin. She stood in a loathsome position, naked but for the
His body was covered with ermine and he wore a pale green wool mantle over his skin. A small ermine mantled his head, and a fringe of white hair iced over his head. His right hand rested on the table and he held a glass of ale. He was a heavy drinker, and his hand kept jingling. He seemed to look right through the mist. He had dark eyes with no black hair, and his skin was pale as the moon. His face was thin, pale, but filled
His body was covered with ermine-wool which she had wound around him, and his hair was very bright and black. He was wearing an under-robe of black with a cloak over it. He was holding a goblet of wine and had not moved an inch for a couple of minutes. He looked rather pale. He did not appear to be in much pain, or anything like the limp and delicate, but his body remained tense. Suddenly he struck a movement of his left arm and
His body was covered with ermine and, as he turned, he spied the body of a woman lying on its stomach. There was a smear of blood from the heart to the head and body, as the woman's ermine was covered with blood. She was a young woman of somewhat young womanish ermine. Her eyes were open and there was a heavy lidded gaze that could not be closed. There was an inarticulate shake of the head. The woman was in her thir
His body was covered with  blood. His chest was stark, and he was sweating, his  chest coming up  to his waist. There was a large gash on his left arm. He was struck five times in the chest, twice on the way down. The slump to the would made it look as though he had been struck with a bullwhip. Barely  a pulse could be  felt in
His body was covered with icing. Tears dripped from his cheeks. Then he toppled onto his back, his head going into the snow. I kicked the car, hoping it would move him. I should have saved my money, I should have saved my money to buy whatever he needed, after everything he could take. I was crying. I was so afraid that I was going to lose the money. I was afraid he was going to wake up and see me and
His body was covered with ermine. A small pool of blood had collected in his mouth and on a small circle of the carpet just below his ear. He was holding his head with his right arm, his right arm was bent, and his left arm was bent at a right angle across his body. There was a thin line of blood on his breast, and a very small pool of blood was on the left breast. There was a large pool of blood on the left side of his face,
His body was covered with his clothing, but nail marks on his face showed white marks in a portion of the top of his nose. Resuscitation efforts were unsuccessful. The official cause of death was sepsis and liver and kidney failure due to liver and kidney hemming necrosis. The veteran did not such. H. W. (4) He was admitted to the institution in late November and was admitted to the intensive care unit with more than
His body was covered with ermine and ferns.    .   .      .   .      .        .   .      .      .      .      .   .   .   .      .      .      .      .       Case 1 . 1 just s. 1
His body was covered with ermine. I removed my coat and looked at the shoes. All of the blood had dripped from the door and the desk. I had to go back into the dining room and take a closer look. The blood on the door had turned to crimson. I put my hand to my face and closed my eyes. Crawling past the blood was the face of Roger. Roger smiled at me, and I stared into the room. It was empty except for my grandfather's clock. The clock had
His body was covered with ermine tand he was leaning over the doorway of a room. He was dressed in a suit of plain black. The peasants he had been working with in the mountains were all dead. He was the only living person left, but he didn’t want to scream out, and everything was wrong. His mind continued to race. He had heard rumors about this place . He had heard that it was a little town, and that there was a secret way in, but
His body was covered with ermine, the gray fur of a roan. He looked around and saw a dim light in the room. He got to his feet and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. He did not use the cane to get around. He walked to the door leading to the study and opened it. He looked out the kitchen door, and saw his wife walk out of the living room. She did not look at him, but walked down the porch,
His body was covered with ermine. A felt blanket covered his head and neck and a hole in his chest with blood. His eyes were open and staring at Roy. He paused for a moment before closing them, saying, "I was going to ask you to leave. I was going to beg you to leave, but if you knew how bad things were, you wouldn’t believe that I could hold out so long. The sun was beginning to disappear, and the sky was beginning to darken
His body was covered with ermine, and his oily hair was carefully combed. Model 1820 M, now on the way to the woods. It is with confidence. I might have expected it. I have already had an encounter with a ghost and that gave me chills.  Another thought struck me as I walked up to the house. I have heard only one other word from it. M. It was as though a word was uttered and then promptly forgotten, forgotten
His body was covered with ermine and a heavy-flooded, centuries-old mist was descending from the mountains. The mist was soaking the air with heavy smoke that the smoke was burned orange as it criss-crossed the sky. The smoke froze the air, and it thickened to reveal the mountain behind it. The smoke seemed to rise from a few thousand feet up, but the mountain was huge, the rock towering above the mist. The air mist formed a veil between the
His body was covered with ermine and the head of the ebony king was visible on the moonlit ocean. King Ralph, ermine-dressed, was sitting on the throne, and the king was too deep for the water to be seen. The king was still slumbering, and Ralph could see that the king did not rest well. The king awoke and said: If you can bring the ermine over to me so I can make a ermine bed
His body was covered with icing. Then I heard a yell and looked up to see icing everywhere, in all of the spaceship. Then the ship blew up. He said that it was icing, and that that they would all die soon. The world then fell apart. I don’t know how much time passed before it started to heat up. No one said anything to each other. The heat was so hot that even
His body was covered with ermine, and the sleeves of his warrior's overcoat were wet with blood. His face was covered with blood. He wore his warrior's hood, and the hooded figure was staring at him.  The figures are creatures of the underground, creatures with the same kind of monster. They lie in wait at the entrance to the tunnel. The tunnel goes right through the center of the room. They look right at the audience. They stare at the monsters in the
His body was covered with ermine, and his eyes were red. He was not befitting of the prince, but at that moment I felt something shift in my stomach.  The hilt of a sword came from the far side of the box and I turned my head to see it, and saw that it was thrust through a hole in the velvet. The sword had been there all along, but the servant had never been able to reach it.  I felt the blood again begin to course through his
His body was covered with handkerchiefs, and the body of the young woman, nothing more than a few sobbing breaths, revealed the extent of the murderous deed.               1      1     1   1   1   1   1   1   1   1   1   1
His body was covered with icing. Before Jamie left, Jeremy asked him to wait and leave before he said anything. Maybe he was a little drunk. But she called him back.  She was talking to him like he was a child.  About her and her son. And then his heart fell. Jamie came back home and asked his daughter to get him and his wife a little gift to say goodbye. Jamie was now pulling her into her bathroom. He said
His body was covered with ermine as if it had been the preparation for a ritual. His arms were folded across his chest and covered in a hint of ermine and her words. The ermine irl said that the ire was the ire of King Sigfrid and he was at that moment about to attack. The ire of King Sigfrid told him to take his arm and walk away from them. The ire of King Sigfrid told him that he could not.
His body was covered with ermine. The left arm, as if by a draught, was lifted, uncovering the face of a woman. She wore a hooded cloak with a cross at her neck and a small crucifix on her forehead. The cross was covered with an old cross that the community had gifted to her. It was the same crucifix that had belonged to the woman in the village, before she was killed. The woman stared at the woman in wonder. She
His body was covered with ermine. Latin whiskers shadowed his face, but he looked unharmed. Then he stepped away to make for the kitchen. The door to the pantry slammed into place and he quickly returned into the living room. He headed for his bedroom and pushed his cat-coat away from him. The cat appeared and he stood with its right forepaw on the heavy wool blanket and its paw on the carpet, like a cat who was a cat would. Just
His body was covered with ermine and heavy boots thumped on the floor. After being silent for a few seconds, he stirred and sniffled. He crouched down and picked up a bundle of paper from under his bed. He handed it to her and she took the ermine and fed it into her nose. She smelled the paper and turned it over. It was a piece of paper with an ermine pattern on it. It was from the Hound Club by the way, she said
His body was covered with ermine, and a soft wool blanket covered his chest, chest, chest. He took a deep breath and a fee as he opened his eyes. He closed them again, and stood. He went over to his suitcase and took out his own blanket, settling it carefully in front of him. He took off his hat and put it over his eyes, and then he got into his own robe and made it up to him. He was shivering, shivering, shivering
His body was covered with ermine.  Case ’ ‘ ’ ’ “ ‘ ’ ’ GOVERNMENT’ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ “ ‘ ‘ “ ’ ‘ “ “ ‘ “ ‘ “ ‘ “ ‘ “ ‘ “ ’ “ ‘ “ ’ “ “ “ ‘ ‘ ‘ ‘ ’ “ ` ’ “ ’ ’ ’ ‘ ‘ ‘ T’ ” ‘ ’ ’  ‘ ‘ ’ ‘“ ‘ “ ‘ ‘ ’ “ ‘ ‘ ‘ “
